=== PDF text extracted for Z03 ===

.
Fund Distribution 基金收益分派
JPMorgan Funds – Asia Pacific Income Fund 摩根基金－亞太入息基金
1. The Fund invests primarily in income-generating securities of countries in the Asia Pacific region (excluding Japan), and a significant
proportion of investments may be invested in below investment grade and unrated debt securities.
2. The Fund is therefore exposed to risks related to emerging markets, concentration, debt securities (including below investment grade/
unrated investment, investment grade bond, credit, interest rate, valuation risk), equity, dynamic asset allocation strategy, smaller companies,
convertible securities, currency, high volatility and regulatory policies of certain equity markets in the Asia Pacific region, derivative, hedging,
class currency, currency hedged share classes, RMB currency, liquidity and REITs . Pertaining to investments in below investment grade or
unrated debt securities, these securities may be subject to higher liquidity risks and credit risks compared with investment grade bonds, with
an increased risk of loss of investment. For currency hedged share classes, the currency hedging process may not give a precise hedge and
there is no guarantee that the hedging will be totally successful. For “(irc)” share classes, they may have greater capital erosion, and their net
asset value may fluctuate more than and may significantly differ from other share classes. Investment in RMB hedged share class is subject to
risks associated with the RMB currency and currency hedged share classes risks. RMB is currently not freely convertible and RMB convertibility
from offshore RMB (CNH) to onshore RMB (CNY) is a managed currency process subject to foreign exchange control policies of and
restrictions imposed by the Chinese government. There can be no assurance that RMB will not be subject to devaluation at some poin
3. The Fund may at its discretion pay dividends out of capital. The Fund may also at its discretion pay dividends out of gross income while
charging all or part of the Fund’s fees and expenses to the capital of the Fund, resulting in an increase in distributable amount for the
payment of dividends and therefore, effectively paying dividends out of realised, unrealised capital gains or capital. Investors should note that,
share classes of the Fund which pay dividends may distribute not only investment income, but also realised and unrealised capital gains or
capital. Payment of dividends out of capital amounts to a return or withdrawal of part of an investor’s original investment or from any capital
gains attributable to that original investment. Any dividend payments, irrespective of whether such payment is made up or effectively made
up out of income, realised and unrealised capital gains or capital, may result in an immediate reduction of the net asset value per share. Also, a
positive distribution yield does not imply a positive return on the total investment.
4. Investors may be subject to substantial losses.
5. Investors
