=== PDF text extracted for Z04 ===

.
Fund Distribution 基金收益分派
JPMorgan Funds – China Equity High Income 摩根基金－中國股票高息基金
1. The Fund invests primarily (at least 70%) in equity securities of companies which are based in or operate principally in the People's Republic
of China (PRC), and which are listed on any stock exchange outside of mainland China; and by using derivatives where appropriate.
2. The Fund is therefore exposed to risks related to equity, derivatives, China market, concentration, smaller companies, emerging market,
PRC tax, currency, liquidity, Chinese variable interest entity, hedging, class currency, RMB currency and currency hedged classes. RMB is
currently not freely convertible and RMB convertibility from offshore RMB (CNH) to onshore RMB (CNY) is a managed currency process
subject to foreign exchange control policies of and restrictions imposed by the Chinese government. There can be no assurance that RMB will
not be subject to devaluation at some point.
3. Where the income generated by the Fund is insufficient to pay a distribution as the Fund declares, the Manager may at its discretion
determine such distributions may be paid from capital including realised and unrealised capital gains. Investors should note that the payment
of distributions out of capital represents a return or withdrawal of part of the amount they originally invested or from any capital gains
attributable to that original investment. Any payments of distributions by the Fund may result in an immediate decrease in the net asset value
per unit. Also, a positive distribution yield does not imply a positive return on the total investmen
4. Investors may be subject to substantial losses.
5. Investors should not solely rely on this document to make any investment decision.
1. 本基金主要（至少70%）投資於以中華人民共和國（中國）為基地或主要在當地經營，及在中國內地境外的任何證券交易所上市的公司的股票證
券；及透過在適當情況下使用衍生工具。
2. 本基金須承受股票、衍生工具、中國市場、集中、小型公司、新興市場、中國稅務、貨幣、流通性、中國可變利益實體、對沖、類別貨幣、人民幣貨
幣及貨幣對沖類別的相關風險。人民幣現時不可自由兌換。將境外人民幣（CNH）兌換為境內人民幣（CNY）是一項貨幣管理程序，須遵守由中國政府
實施的外匯管制政策及限制。概無保證人民幣不會在某個時間貶值。
3. 當基金所得之收入並不足夠支付基金宣佈之分派時，經理人有權可酌情決定該分派可能由資本（包括實現與未實現資本收益）撥款支付。投資者應注
意，從資本撥款支付分派即代表從投資者原先投資基金之款額或該項原先投資應佔的任何資本增值退回或提取部分金額。基金作出任何分派均可能導致
每單位資產淨值即時下跌。此外，正分派收益並不表示總投資的正回報。
4. 投資者可能須承受重大損失。
5. 投資者不應單憑本文件作出投資決定。
.
Composition of the Fund Distribution Payment 基金收益分派成分
JPMorgan Funds – China Equity High Income 摩根基金－中國股票高息基金
JPMorgan China Equity High Income (mth) – USD 摩根中國股票高息（美元）（每月派息）
Mar 2026 | 2026 年 3 月
除息日 報價貨幣 每單位/股分派收益 期內從可分派收益淨額中支付 (1) 期內從資本中支付
From net distributable income
Ex-dividend date Denominated Currency Distribution per unit/share From capital for the period
for the period (1)
27.02.26 USD 0.0820 100.0% 0.0%
30.01.26 USD 0.0820 100.0% 0.0%
31.12.25 USD 0.0692 100.0% 0.0%
1) “Net distributable income” means, with respect to distributions from 1 December 2025 onwards, the net investment income (i.e. dividend income and interest income net
of fees and expenses) attributable to the relevant unit/share class and include also net realized gains (if any) plus option premium 
