=== PDF text extracted for Z12 ===

.
Fund Distribution 基金收益分派
JPMorgan Funds – Income Fund 摩根基金－環球債券收益基金
1. The Fund invests primarily in debt securities.
2. The Fund is therefore exposed to risks related to emerging markets, debt securities (including below investment grade/unrated investment,
investment grade bond, credit, sovereign debt, interest rate, valuation and asset-backed securities (“ABS”) and mortgage-backed securities
(“MBS”) risks), concentration, convertible securities, currency, derivative, hedging, distribution (no assurance on distribution or the
frequency of distribution or distribution rate or dividend yield), class currency and currency hedged share classes. Pertaining to investments in
below investment grade or unrated debt securities, these securities may be subject to higher liquidity risks and credit risks comparing with
investment grade bonds, with an increased risk of loss of investment. Investments in ABS and MBS may be subject to greater credit, liquidity
and interest rate risks compared to other debt securities such as government issued bonds and are often exposed to extension and
prepayment risks. These securities may be highly illiquid and prone to substantial price volatility. Investment in RMB hedged share class is
subject to risks associated with the RMB currency and currency hedged share classes risks. RMB is currently not freely convertible and RMB
convertibility from offshore RMB (CNH) to onshore RMB (CNY) is a managed currency process subject to foreign exchange control policies of
and restrictions imposed by the Chinese government. There can be no assurance that RMB will not be subject to devaluation at some point
3. The Fund may at its discretion pay dividends out of capital. The Fund may also at its discretion pay dividends out of gross income while
charging all or part of the Fund’s fees and expenses to the capital of the Fund, resulting in an increase in distributable amount for the
payment of dividends and therefore, effectively paying dividends out of realised, unrealised capital gains or capital. Investors should note that,
share classes of the Fund which pay dividends may distribute not only investment income, but also realised and unrealised capital gains or
capital. Payment of dividends out of capital amounts to a return or withdrawal of part of an investor’s original investment or from any capital
gains attributable to that original investment. Any dividend payments, irrespective of whether such payment is made up or effectively made
up out of income, realised and unrealised capital gains or capital, may result in an immediate reduction of the net asset value per share. Also, a
positive distribution yield does not imply a positive return on the total investment.
4. Investors may be subject to substantial losses.
5. Investors should not solely rely on this document to make any investment decision.
1. 本基金主要投資於債務證券。
2. 本基金須承受新興巿場、債務證券(包含低於投資級別／未經評級投資、投資級別債券、信貸、主權債務、估值、利率及資產抵押證券(ABS)及按揭證
券(MBS)風險) 、集中、可換股證券、貨幣、衍生工具、對沖、分派（分派、分派頻率、分派率或股
