=== PDF text extracted for Z52 ===

Dividend Record and Schedule for
AIA US High Yield Bond Fund
as at March 2026
Important information:
1. AIA US High Yield Bond Fund (“the Fund") is a sub-fund of AIA Investment Funds. The Fund aims to maximise long-term total return, consistent
with preservation of capital and prudent investment management (i.e. by identifying and implementing strategies for consistent, disciplined
and cost-effective investment, based on relevant investment research and ongoing monitoring of individual security and total portfolio risk) by
investing in a diversified fixed income portfolio consisting primarily of high yield securities denominated in USD.
2. Investment involves risks. The Fund is subject to general investment risk, risk associated with investing in fixed income transferable securities,
risk relating to investing in distressed debt securities, bond downgrade risk, country specific risk, liquidity risks, credit risk and risks relating to
credit ratings and sovereign debt risk. Therefore investment in the Fund may suffer losses. There is no guarantee of the repayment of principal.
Pertaining to investments in non-investment grade or unrated debt securities, these securities may be subject to higher default, liquidity,
volatility and sustainability risks comparing with higher rated fixed income securities, with an increased risk of loss of investment.
3. The Fund may invest in 144A securities which are restricted securities that benefit from an exemption from the registration obligation laid down
by the 1933 “Securities Act” of the US. These securities are restricted for resale to Qualified Institutional Buyers (“QIBs”) as defined by the 1933
“Securities Act” and thus, administrative expenses are reduced due to this exemption. The 144A securities are traded between a limited number
of QIBs, which may cause a higher price volatility and a lower asset liquidity of certain 144A securities.
4. The Fund’s net derivative exposure may be up to 50% of its net asset value and the use of derivatives may involve counterparty / credit risk,
liquidity risk, valuation risk, volatility risk and over-the-counter transaction risk. Exposure to financial derivative instruments may lead to a high
risk of significant loss by the Fund and its leverage element can result in a loss significantly greater than the amount invested in the financial
derivative instruments by the Fund.
5. For dividend of distribution share class, payment of dividends out of capital of the Fund or payment of dividends effectively out of capital of the
Fund amounts to a return or withdrawal of part of an investor’s original investment or from any capital gains attributable to that original
investment. Any distributions involving payment of dividends out of the Fund’s capital or payment of dividends effectively out of the Fund’s
capital (as the case may be) may result in an immediate reduction of the net asset value per share.
6. Investors should not make an investment decision based solely on this ma
