=== PDF text extracted for ZU6 ===

Fund distributions: UBS (Lux) Bond Fund – Euro High Yield (EUR)
基金收益分派：瑞銀歐元高收益債券基金
Jul 2026 2026年7月
Important Information:
1. The Fund primarily invests in a diversified portfolio of EUR higher-yielding bonds with lower ratings.
2. The Fund shall invest at least two-thirds of its assets in debt securities and claims denominated in EUR or provided with an
option on EUR and with a rating of between CCC and BB+ (Standard & Poor's), a similar rating from another recognised
agency or a comparable internal UBS rating. No more than 10% of the Fund’s assets may be invested in debt securities
that are issued and/or guaranteed by a single sovereign issuer (including its government, public or local authority) rated
below BBB- (Standard & Poor's) or the equivalent rating by at least one recognized rating agency or a comparable internal
UBS rating.
3. The Fund’s investments may be subject to risks associated with the use of derivatives, the Eurozone, high yield bonds,
liquidity, downgrading, interest rate, hedged unit classes, instruments with loss-absorption features and foreign
investments.
4. Investment in Eurozone may be subject to additional risks due to Eurozone collective debt crisis, e.g. increase in market
volatility, insufficient funding to resolve the crisis, sovereign defaults and possible withdrawals of member states from the
Eurozone.
5. Investments in higher-yielding debt securities may be below investment grade or unrated and face on-going uncertainties
and are vulnerable to adverse business, financial and economic conditions are subject to risks such as interest rate risk,
credit risk and default risk. Investments in below investment grade debt securities may be partially or fully lost under adverse
conditions.
6. The Fund may invest in debt instruments with loss-absorption features. Such instruments are subject to greater risks when
compared to traditional debt instruments as such instruments are typically subject to the risk of being written down or
converted to ordinary shares upon the occurrence of pre-defined trigger event(s) which are likely to be outside of the
issuer’s control. Such trigger events are complex and difficult to predict and may result in a significant or total reduction in
the value of such instruments.
7. The Fund may use financial derivative instruments for hedging, investment and efficient portfolio management purposes.
The Fund’s net derivative exposure may be up to 50% of the Fund’s net asset value. The use of financial derivative
instruments may involve risks such as market risk, management risk, counterparty/credit risk, liquidity risk, valuation risk,
correlation risk and volatility risk.
8. Under extreme market conditions and circumstances, investment in the Fund may potentially result in total loss of
investment.
9. In respect of unit classes with “-mdist" in their name, the Fund may at the discretion of the Management Company make
distributions out of capital or out of gross income. Payment of dividends out of
